docs(README): fix the `git committer string` and `Configure git CLI` examples (#151)
actions/create-github-app-token: README.md

          # required
          app-id: ${{ vars.APP_ID }}
          private-key: ${{ secrets.PRIVATE_KEY }}
      - name: Get GitHub App User ID
        id: get-user-id
        run: echo "user-id=$(gh api "/users/${{ steps.app-token.outputs.app-slug }}[bot]" --jq .id)" >> "$GITHUB_OUTPUT"
        env:
          GH_TOKEN: ${{ steps.app-token.outputs.token }}
      - run: |
          git config --global user.name '${{ steps.app-token.outputs.app-slug }}[bot]'
          git config --global user.email '${{ steps.get-user-id.outputs.user-id }}+${{ steps.app-token.outputs.app-slug }}[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>'
      # git commands like commit work using the bot user
      - run: |
          git add .
          git commit -m "Auto-generated changes"
          git push
```

> [!TIP]
> The `<BOT USER ID>` is the numeric user ID of the app's bot user, which can be found under `https://api.github.com/users/<app-slug>%5Bbot%5D`.
> 

> > For example, we can check at `https://api.github.com/users/dependabot%5Bbot%5D` to see the user ID of dependabot is 49699333.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For example, we can check at `https://api.github.com/users/dependabot[bot]` to see the user ID of Dependabot is 49699333.
```

>

> > Similarly to get the id, you can also use the [octokit/request-action](https://github.com/octokit/request-action).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Alternatively, you can use the [octokit/request-action](https://github.com/octokit/request-action) to get the ID.
```
